PodResources API for DRA: match API with actual implementation in 1.27 (#3915)
kubernetes/enhancements: keps/sig-node/3695-pod-resources-for-dra/README.md

Our proposal is to extend the existing PodResources gRPC service of the Kubelet
with a repeated `DynamicResource` field in the ContainerResources message. This
new field will contain information about the DRA resource class, the DRA

> claim name, claim namespace, and a list of claimed resources allocated by a DRA driver.
> Currently, claimed resources contains CDI Devices but in future it may extend to
> support plugins that allocate different type of resource (not CDI Devices).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
claim name, claim namespace, and a list of claimed resources allocated by a DRA driver.
Currently, the claim resources only contain a list of CDI Devices but in the future they may be extended to
support plugins that allocate different types of resource (not just CDI Devices).
```

Author: done
